[Music]
hi again it's Jimmy Kimmel welcome to
the show
welcome to my house you know when I was
a kid I used to pretend I was hosting I
taught you in my kitchen
and finally that dream has come true not
as glamorous as I imagined it would be
but happy pranks giving today is or was
April Fool's Day
just kidding April Fool's it's still
March it'll be March forever this is the
one year we're getting your house toilet
papered would be welcomed warmly but it
didn't happen to me I didn't know people
would be in the mood for pranks today
because this whole year so far has been
a series of pranks but it turns out they
were at least the prankers were I can't
speak for the prank ease but there was
some very clever ideas floating around
and some twists on those ideas too like
this one involving a refrigerator and a
hoodie
[Music]
who's the April Fool now I think she
broke his egg yolks we have a shenanigan
packed show for you tonight moments from
now we're gonna chat with Jesse Tyler
Ferguson and Eric Stonestreet from
Modern Family we helped one of them
perpetrate a crime on the other one of
them and then later we're gonna visit
with ghosts of pranking 'he's past the
time we repeatedly frightened my cousin
Mickey with a wax figure of me and maybe
my favorite prank of all time painting
my aunt chippies house while she wasn't
home so stay through the whole show for
that you'll be glad you did today also
happens to be census day here in the
United States what are you here for a
census okay everyone's answered to the
question how many people are living in
your house is gonna be too many people
and if you don't respond you know they
send someone to check on you in person
it's gonna be hard this year to pretend
you're not home here's how I look at it
census or not if anyone knocks on my
door
they better be holding a bag of Chinese
food or Charmin toilet paper is still in
short supply which made this accident
that happened in Texas last night
comically tragic an 18-wheeler crushed
overnight in Dallas County Texas
carrying some precious cargo toilet
paper the driver and his dog were not
injured but the truck did catch fire
burning the thousands of rolls of toilet
paper along with it the street value on
that load of toilet paper was four point
five million dollars it belongs to God
now but fear not help is on the way
the corona virus is bringing out a new
spirit of resourcefulness this is a
machine someone crazy invented that
separates one roll of two-ply bathroom
tissue into two rolls of one ply and
that way I guess it lasts longer so look
at this two rolls if you're wondering
what it's come to
that is what it has come to hey here's
another toilet paper tip if you're
starting to run low don't forget you
could always get a copy of Donald Trump
juniors book TP isn't the only thing
flying off the shelves right now Walmart
has said that since the beginning of the
quarantine they've seen a noticeable
increase in the number of shirts they're
selling but not in the number of pants
tops are out selling bottoms by a
longshot and they think it's because
with everybody teleworking from home you
only need a shirt
you don't need pay we've become a nation
of Winnie the Pooh's I like it though I
like meetings with no pants it adds an
element of danger every time you're on a
conference call now you know there's a
good chance you might see one of Jeff
from accountings balls I'm surprised
some of these apps haven't caught on to
this you know they have the filters that
can add cat ears and whatever to your
head well why not use that technology
for teleconferencing - like this you're
sitting there naked from the waist down
all of God's ornaments piled up on the
couch beneath you and then you get up
presto you got a pair of pants on
only your pets will know the truth by
the way the one group that seems to be
enjoying this coronavirus is animals
this is from a small town in Wales where
a tribe of mountain goats has taken over
ever since the stay-at-home movement
started the town of Llandudno has been
overrun by these goats and they're
becoming increasingly comfortable I mean
you see they're not even trying the
socially distance from each other - goat
eat rats because maybe they should try
this in New York it's funny we were so
busy worrying about a Planet of the Apes
we never even thought about the goats so
sorry whales yeah had a good run but you
belong to the goats now groceries are
still a major source of anxiety for a
lot of people because the demand for
food is so high right now a lot of the
stores have special hours just for
senior citizens you know when the mall
would open early so old people could
walk around
well this is that except they're buying
stuff I actually have a better idea I
think we should divide the supermarket's
up by age groups the supermarket's
themselves everyone 65 and older gets
the shop at the traditional supermarket
Albertsons Publix arauz whatever
everyone 25 to 65 is allowed to shop
only at the specialty stores like Whole
Foods and Trader Joe's and anyone under
25 gets the gas station and mini marts
one of the guys I work with at the show
was at a supermarket here in LA and
there wasn't much left this is what they
had left this is real these are the
items they were unable to sell these are
the seven least desirable items at the
Von's in Studio City here we go number
seven German potato salad in a can
that's right
salad in a can Thank You Germans for
this latest atrocity number six
Campbell's cream of bacon soup just
believe is Guy Fieri's blood type number
five vanilla cupcake flavor graham
goldfish crackers for parents who do not
love their kids
number four beef bulgogi Korean barbecue
the old-fashioned way in a cup number
three
Barney butter powdered almond butter
nothing better than a powder and jelly
sandwich it's like almond butter meets
Grandpa's remains number two get Phil to
fish not to be paired with the cream of
bacon super of course and with apologies
to David Letterman the number one least
desirable item at the supermarket a
2-pack of unrefrigerated liverwurst it
can't go bad if it was never good you
know one world leader who is not ours
has come up with an interesting way to
fight the virus and lead his nation the
president of Turkmenistan has banned the
use of the word coronavirus in his
country if you say the c-word you go to
jail why didn't we think of that what it
could be the thinking behind it does he
think that if you don't say the name it
won't show up this is a virus not
Voldemort and just to assure everyone
all as well this guy even dressed up
like a giant coronavirus nasal swab and
by the way this is the president's name
his name is gourbin ghuli bird - mama
cat that cat it's I don't know it
whatever it is it's like 900 points in
Scrabble here's another shot of urban
Ghoulie he looks like if Dean Cain was
stung by a swarm of wasps this is
exactly what he would look like
meanwhile in North Korea they're
claiming they don't have any corona
virus none which seems unlikely
considering the fact that their neighbor
South Korea had thousands of cases and
their other neighbor is China which
obviously had the virus although to be
fair they've basically been in
quarantine since the 40s even their
leader kim jeong-hoon cuts his own hair
I hope what they claim is true because
it is believed that a corona virus
outbreak would quickly overwhelm the
North Korean healthcare system which is
primarily because the only doctor in
North Korea is a dog wearing a
stethoscope the governor of Florida
today issued a long overdue statewide
stay-at-home order Floridians are being
told to take shelter in their meth labs
leave it to Florida to announce a stay
at home order on April Fool's Day
most states of course did this much much
early but Florida has always marched the
beat of its own dumber
I mean drummer part of the reason for
the delay is the governor of Florida in
case you don't know is a jet ski that
runs on four loko but look at the bright
side Florida if you stay home can really
get to know your iguana here's another
fun
April Fool's moment courtesy of a
gentleman who lives here in LA his name
is kevin hayes kevin makes videos
starring his 73 year old mother Lily now
Lily
apparently used to like the song
Careless Whisper by George Michael until
Kevin played it over and over and over
for days on end and once the quarantine
started Kevin started doing it again and
he gives us our quarantine killer of the
night
[Music]
[Applause]
I could watch that for like a month
straight
who would have guessed the song with the
word whisper in it could lead to that
much shouting please Kevin I don't know
if you're taking requests but if you are
do wake me up before you go-go next
thank you